So now we know that the header part of our extension has a welcome message written on it.
Let me show you once.
So our extension is this.
And here it is written welcome.
As soon as I click, it remains welcome.
We do one thing to make it better.
When it is analyzed, we write analyzing here.
When the summary comes here, the summary will be written there.
So the above content will be dynamically changed.
So you must be understanding how this can happen.
We will take the states here and change the states.
You must be understanding this thing a little.
So we will do something like this.
But here you will get to learn a new concept.
So now we go to our VSCode.
And here we see that our header component is in this component.
And we can set this thing with our popup.tsx.
Because what do we do here first?
I will tell you this.
What will happen in popup.tsx?
What do we have in popup.tsx?
We know when what is being summarized.
When it is being analyzed.
And when the result will be shown.
We know this thing.
And we will have to send this thing in the header from the popup.
Because our header component.
We will show that thing here.
What is the current status going on?
Here we will show the status here.
Status.
Here it is said that we will show our current status here.
So to bring current status here, we will bring it through props.
But one thing is that we will not use header in popup.tsx.
We are using header in our app.tsx.
So we will have to do something like this.
That we will have to put current status in header from popup.
Now how will we put that?
This is a question that how will we put header from popup when we are not using header here.
So now we will use functions for this.
And by using function we will set a state through it.
And then by using that function we will change that state everywhere.
How to do that?
That I will show you now.
Now I will show you how we can do that thing.
So first of all we will go to our app.tsx.
Ok.
What have we used in app.tsx?
We have used header in app.tsx.
So now what will we do here?
You just keep watching.
First of all we will make a state here.
We will name the state as current status.
And here we will name it as set current status.
So we have made this state.
Where we have set status and current status.
In this by default message will be welcome.
I will tell you all this properly.
That what is this?
So here by default message that we have put is welcome.
Now what we will do?
That our status and current status.
This is our current status.
We will pass this to header.
So now what will we do in header?
Whatever we have put here as current status.
Current status.
Here we will make a prop.
Ok.
And after that we will pass this from here.
Is equals to current status.
Ok.
So this is our current status whatever it is.
Now.
Now here we have done current status.
But by default it will also go as welcome value.
Here we have to change it also.
So now what we will do?
We will make a function.
And we will name this term as handle status.
This will be carrow function.
And there is nothing in this.
We will just use set current status.
And in it.
And in it we will set a value.
So here we used to pass a parameter by doing status.
By doing status.
And we will put it in this.
Now what will happen?
Once you understand it properly.
What we did in the beginning?
We made a basic state.
Now what was happening?
That we are using header in app.tsx.
So through popup we could not set it.
Whatever above parameter and value can be.
We could not set it here.
Because we have not used header here.
Now when we have not used header.
Then we could not call header here.
And through it we could not pass props.
So now what we did?
That in our app.tsx where we used header.
There we made a state.
And after that.
We set the default value of that state as welcome.
Second thing we made a function here.
And what we did?
That the current status.
In our app.tsx.
Basically we passed the prop.
Which we made a state here.
Now what we will do?
That the function we made here.
Of handle status.
Now we will pass it in popup.
Means.
Now we will pass handle status in popup.
Now we have put the function in popup.
Now in popup also we accept a prop.
So here we will accept handle status.
Now what will we do here?
See this.
We made handle status function.
And sent it in popup.
Now what we will do?
That we will call handle status function.
And in it.
We will set any value.
So it will come here in state and set.
Here we have put a parameter.
Now whatever value will come in place of this parameter.
It will come in set current status.
And this current status will be replaced by that.
You must have understood what I said.
And now we will do it further.
So you will understand better.
So what we did?
That we made a function.
We made a function.
And we passed it in popup.
Basically.
We put handle status function in popup.
Now from popup we will access this function.
And whatever value we will set in it.
Whatever value we will pass through it in the type of call.
Whatever argument we will pass.
It will be set in state there.
And as soon as this value is set in state.
So this value will come in header.
So now what will we do?
That here we will set handle status.
With arguments.
That means whatever argument we will pass in handle status.
It will be set in our current status.
So now we will go down.
And first of all we will set here for analyzing.
That when content is being analyzed.
So what will happen?
That the summarized function you are seeing.
As soon as someone clicks on the button.
On the image.
Then summarized function is called.
So as soon as summarized function is called.
What does it do?
First of all it scrapes.
Right.
After scraping it ends the message.
In the background.
And the content in the background is analyzed.
So we just have to do this thing.
Now here the scraping is done in real time.
As soon as you click.
The scraping starts.
Sorry it ends.
It starts and ends too.
That means in single click.
It immediately scrapes the content in real time.
So when will it be summarized?
As soon as someone clicks on the button.
So the content is scraped in real time.
So the content is scraped as soon as you click.
But after some time.
After some milliseconds.
The analyzing should be written on top.
So now what will we do?
You just understand this much.
That as soon as the user clicks on the button.
Then the analyzing will be written on top.
Now how will the analyzing be written?
Our handle status function.
Which we have brought on top here.
Through the prop.
Received.
We will set through it.
So what will we do?
What do we do here in the summarize?
We call the handle status function.
The status parameter in it.
We give it an argument.
And write analyzing here.
Analyzing.
And three dots.
This is our analyzing.
So now what will happen?
This is our app.tsx.
Here now.
In the beginning, welcome will be written.
Okay.
But as soon as.
Here now we have sent the handle status in the pop-up.
Now as soon as the user clicks on the button.
So we have put analyzing in the handle status.
And this is the analyzing.
It will go to your app.
And here it will set the value.
Here the value of analyzing.
It will be set here.
And your current status will be analyzed.
You must be able to understand.
So here the analyzing is done.
Now after this the last thing happens.
That is summary.
Analyzed.
Welcome came.
Now when the summary will be shown at the end.
So write the summary at the top.
So what will you do for that?
Here you will write here.
If summary dot length greater than zero.
Which we had done here before.
Here now what we will do here.
Handle status.
Here now we will call handle status.
And in this now we will set.
Summary string.
So as soon as.
Summary's length which is greater than zero.
It is found.
So here that particular.
Our.
String is.
The status is.
Summary sets it.
So we have done all these things here.
Let's save the header once.
You have to save all the files.
So now what is happening.
Let's understand its flow quickly.
Our header was in app dot tsx.
Now in the header.
We had to put the value of status.
That what is going on with current status.
For this, all the value of status.
It was in the pop-up.
And we had to give it to the header through pop-up.
But we were not using the header in the pop-up.
So what did we do?
That here we made a function in app dot tsx.
And made a state.
We passed this function in the pop-up.
And through pop-up.
We set the value in the state.
And we directly sent that state in the header.
So we didn't do much.
First of all.
We made a function.
Made a state.
Sent it in the pop-up.
Second thing.
Set the value in the pop-up.
Third thing.
Sent the same value set in the header.
Simple.
So we used some callback functions.
We did all these things.
Now what do we do?
Now we go to our page once.
And here we.
Now let's check the extension once.
We went to extension.
And here as soon as we click on extension.
So look above gave analyzing.
And as soon as the summary will be loaded.
Same way what will be written above.
Summary.
So let's see once now.
So here the summary is come.
And see the summary was written at the top.
summary will be written here, so you understood that here you are the particular states or props
that you can pass even such contents from such a place, which is not directly accessible,
so you can pass them in this way, so finally our extension is complete, here we have told you everything
that how the summary will come, all the things have been made, now you try it from your end,
summarize a lot of content and try to add something from yourself in it